Topics:
	Convolution
	Pooling
	Dropouts
	Image augmentation
	Image Normalization
	Freezing Layer
	Transfer Learning











If my Image is sized 150x150, and I pass a 3x3 Convolution over it, what size is the resulting image?
148*148



If my data is sized 150x150, and I use Pooling of size 2x2, what size will the resulting image be?
75*75



If I want to view the history of my training, how can I access it?





What’s the name of the API that allows you to inspect the impact of convolutions on the images?
model.layers






                                                          Augmentation


How do you use Image Augmentation in TensorFLow
using parameters to imagedatagenerator




If my training data only has people facing left, but I want to classify people facing right, how would I avoid overfitting?
horizontal-flip



When training with augmentation, you noticed that the training is a little slower. Why?
image processing takes cycles





What does the fill_mode parameter do?
recreates lost information after transformation like shear



When using Image Augmentation with the ImageDataGenerator, what happens to your raw image data on-disk.
nothing,augmentation is done in memory




How does Image Augmentation help solve overfitting?
manipulates training data sets to get more scenario over features



How did you lock or freeze a layer from retraining?
layer.trainable =false


																





														Transfer Learning


TL is pre trained features/layers that are frozen.


How do you change the number of classes the model can classify when using transfer learning?
when u specify ur DNN at bottom of network , u specify ur output layer with number of classes



Can you use Image Augmentation with Transfer Learning Models?
yes



Why do dropouts help avoid overfitting?
becoz neighbour neurons can have same weights




code for adding Dropout of 20% of neurons using TensorFlow
tf.keras.layers.Dropout(0.2)



convolution -- technique to extract features from image


What method on an ImageGenerator is used to normalize the image? 
rescale



When training for multiple classes what is the Class Mode for Image Augmentation?
class_mode='Categorical'